Hmm lucy
Wenwen
You find me a son-in-law
Is Aunt Mo alright?
How is your neck feeling now?
Okay, it doesn't hurt anymore.
Oh, Doctor Zhang
My daughter is a village flower
Hey, I see you have a good character.
You two should make friends first
Mo Yi, this man still has to put his career first
Uh, I'm new here
Please take care of the two in the future.
Oh, what career ambition?
This person is so self-motivated
We don't want you or anything.
Mo Yi
Can we talk about this later when we have time?
I'll go first
Hey, hey, it's all settled.
Ah, a 200-square-meter house in the city
Plus 5 million cash as a dowry
I gave it all to you.
Hey, 200 square meters.
5 million you go back quickly go back hey no
I think it's better for Sister Mei
Go, go, go, go
Hahahaha